c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.exe
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.deps.json
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\CalcBursts.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\CalcBursts.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\CsvHelper.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\OxyPlot.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\OxyPlot.ImageSharp.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\SixLabors.Fonts.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\SixLabors.ImageSharp.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\bin\Debug\net9.0\SixLabors.ImageSharp.Drawing.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Desktop\Тестовые МКС\Дима\CalcBursts\CalcBursts\obj\Debug\net9.0\CalcBursts.csproj.Up2Date
